Readme.md, before:

Networkteam.SentryClient
========================

This is a Sentry client package for TYPO3 Flow and Neos.

It's based on https://github.com/getsentry/raven-php.

Have a look at https://getsentry.com for more information about Sentry.

Installation:
-------------

    $ composer require networkteam/sentryclient

Configuration:
--------------

Add the following to your `Settings.yaml` and replace the DSN with your project DSN:

    Networkteam:
      SentryClient:
        # The Sentry DSN
        dsn: 'http://public_key:secret_key@your-sentry-server.com/project-id'

For non-Neos projects the TypoScript error handler aspect needs to be ignored by Flow. This can be achieved by
adding the following exclude configuration to your settings:

    TYPO3:
      Flow:
        object:
          excludeClasses:
           'Networkteam.SentryClient': ['Networkteam\\SentryClient\\Aspect\\TypoScriptHandlerAspect']

Development:
------------

This package is managed on GitHub. Feel free to get in touch at https://github.com/networkteam/Networkteam.SentryClient.

Commit message:

[TASK] Specify MIT as the license of this package

Readme.md, after:

Networkteam.SentryClient
========================

This is a Sentry client package for the Flow framework and Neos CMS (http://www.neos.io).

It's based on https://github.com/getsentry/raven-php.

Have a look at https://getsentry.com for more information about Sentry.

Installation:
-------------

    $ composer require networkteam/sentryclient

Configuration:
--------------

Add the following to your `Settings.yaml` and replace the `dsn` setting with your project DSN (API Keys in your Sentry project):

    Networkteam:
      SentryClient:
        # The Sentry DSN
        dsn: 'http://public_key:secret_key@your-sentry-server.com/project-id'

For non-Neos projects the TypoScript error handler aspect needs to be ignored by Flow. This can be achieved by
adding the following exclude configuration to your settings:

    TYPO3:
      Flow:
        object:
          excludeClasses:
           'Networkteam.SentryClient': ['Networkteam\\SentryClient\\Aspect\\TypoScriptHandlerAspect']

Usage:
------

Sentry will log all exceptions that have the rendering option `logException` enabled. This can be enabled or disabled
by status code or exception class according to the Flow configuration.

Development:
------------

This package is managed on GitHub. Feel free to get in touch at https://github.com/networkteam/Networkteam.SentryClient.

License:
--------

See the [LICENSE](LICENSE.md) file for license rights and limitations (MIT).
